# AzSK Sunset Notice

- After close to 5 years of active development, the PowerShell/Automation-based "Secure DevOps Kit for Azure (AzSK)" is being phased out through FY21. We are transitioning to a more scalable and robust solution called Azure Tenant Security scanner (AzTS) which is based on Azure Functions and a central scan model where scans are performed via a managed identity with Reader access to subscriptions configured at management group level. This new approach helps us scale efficiently and with less process overhead to get the same level of visibility to compliance of several thousand subscriptions. It is also designed to help accelerate our migration to native security offerings in Azure such as Policy, Security Center, Management Groups, Azure Resource Graph, etc.
- At the Core Services Engineering and Operations (CSEO) division, we plan to phase out AzSK-based Continuous Assurance completely during Q3-FY21 and, furthermore, eliminate our other dependencies on AzSK (ARM Checker, DevOps Kit CICD Extensions, etc.) during Q4-FY21. We will support important bug fixes in AzSK till end of FY21. However, new security controls and features will be added only to AzTS going forward. The AzSK project repo will remain available on GitHub FY22 and beyond but without active maintenance.
- The new solution, AzTS, is available at https://aka.ms/devopskit/tss. This was developed by the same team that built AzSK and we have been using it to scan close to 100,000 Azure subscriptions daily for baseline control compliance across our environment over the last several months.  
- As promised to all internal and external users of AzSK, we will continue to share CSEO's internal approach for cloud security and compliance and our migration path towards exclusively using native security capabilities in Azure. We believe AzTS takes us a big step closer to that. If you have a dependency on AzSK, please consider either migrating to AzTS or switching to using an approach based on native capabilities such as Azure Policy, Management Groups, Security Center, etc.

