## 161223 
### New Features: 
* Subscription Security: 
 
    N/A
* Dev/CICD Kit: 

    N/A
* Build & Release Task for VSTS pipeline: 
	* SVTs can now be run in VSTS pipeline with all the different CICD workflow scenarios that are supported for custom tasks.  
		* We have published the 'Security Verification Tests' extension to the VSO extensions gallery and, further, have also submitted a request to get it added to 1ITVSO. In the interim, you can contact us to get the extension to try it out (or you can also download from the public gallery by searching for "Secure DevOps Extensions for Azure"). 
	* Additionally, SVT outcomes can be routed to an OMS workspace.  
* SVTs: 
	* Virtual Machines - Added a net SVT to check core set of controls for Virtual Machines. 
	* Key Vault - Added additional controls for checking Azure Key Vault instances.  
* Security IntelliSense: 
	* Added about 50+ new rules to cover various traditional AppSec secure coding concerns including a few advanced rules for Crypto. 
? 
* Continuous Compliance: 
* Subscription Security - Continuous Compliance: 
	* We now have a runbook that can be deployed to your subscription and which can periodically scan the subscription against the SS-Health checks.  
	* The outcomes of these scans will get routed to an OMS workspace (with support for alerts for actions required). 
* Application Security - Continuous Compliance: 
	* Similar to subscription security, application SVTs can be run in a runbook and route the outcomes to OMS. 
 
* Alerting & Monitoring: 
* OMS Solution Pack for the DevOps Kit: 
	* This can be deployed to a target OMS workspace. It contains views, alert rules, alert schedules, etc. get unpacked into the workspace to form a complete "AzSDK Security Dashboard" for the team. 
	* The dashboard works against the OMS repository that is receiving events from various upstream DevOps kit components such as: 
		* Individual SVTs run by developers 
		* SVTs running in CICD pipelines 
		* SVTs running as part of Continuous Compliance runbooks), etc. 
	* Essentially, this creates the complete picture by adding alerting and monitoring support to continuous compliance. 
 
* Common/Framework Components:
* New Names for Functions: 
	* All aliases introduced in the last release have been converted to actual function names (and old names removed altogether as was notified in the cmdlet outputs in the last sprint).  
* Telemetry 
	* Added support for exception display to the PowerBI dashboard. 
 
* Central View of Control Coverage (PoC): 
* Controls checked by various modules (including the new ones added in this release) of the DevOps Kit are displayed here. This is a "live" feed because these same rules are also used by the DevOps kit scripts at runtime. 
 
 
### Feature improvements/fixes: 
* Subscription Security: 
* SS-Health: 
	* We now check and discourage usage of custom RBAC roles. 
* SS-ARMPol: 
	* Updated with more policy rules (audit classic resources and other non-HBI resource types) 
 
* Dev/CICD Kit: 
* Made a validation pass for all SVTs against the most recent Azure PS modules/APIs for those service types.  
 
* Common/Framework Components: 
* Control JSON Design: 
	* From 161209, ControlIDs have been renamed with more intuitive names. (E.g., AzureStorage102 --> Azure_Storage_AuthZ_Use_SAS_for_Blob). This makes displayed data more intuitive in several scenarios. 
* Telemetry: 
	* Enhanced the telemetry dashboard to cover all the Pri-1 scenarios we were targeting for H1. Please give it a try here and let us know your thoughts! 
 