## 161125 
### New Features: 
* Subscription Security 
* SS-Health:  
	* Central JSON-based provisioning and deprovisioning of central accounts for various roles and personas for subscription RBAC.  
* JEA server lockdown:  
	* Validated and documented JEA server lockdown steps using WS-2016 R2 security baselines. (Note: We are still working to combine the standard 'lockdown' template with Code Integrity policies.) 

* Dev/CICD Kit: 
* SVTs: 
	* Virtual Network Security - New (preview) module to test ExpressRoute-connected vNets (based on the new ARM-based myER solution) 
	* Significant improvements to SS-Health from an RBAC cleanup standpoint. (Based on a cross-team effort to identify the various accounts that ought to be there and ones that should be removed.) 
* CICD/Build Integration: 
	* N/A
    
* Alerting & Monitoring: 
	* None in this release. We are working on designing the core features for the per-Application OMS solution. 
 
* Telemetry: 
* Preview of the telemetry dashboard for the DevOps kit. Give it a try here. 
 
* Central View of Control Coverage (PoC): 
* Note: Controls checked by various modules (including the new ones added in this release) of the DevOps Kit are displayed here. This is a "live" feed because these same rules are also used by the DevOps kit scripts at runtime. 
 
### Feature improvements/fixes:
* Subscription Security: 
* SS-Health: New checks for inclusion of pending alerts and recommendations from Azure Security Center (ASC) into the SS-Health output. 
* SS-ASCConfig: Displays additional information about what the script does both on console and in logs. 
* Dev/CICD Kit: 
* SS-Health: Management certificates check now displays richer info about the certs. 
 