## 161014 

### New Features (preview): 
* Subscription Security 
	* Azure Security Center (ASC) Configuration - Added PS module that can help configure ASC for a subscription per expected policies and information (such as contact email, phone number for alerts/ incident response, etc.).  
* Dev/CICD Kit 
	* SVT- Added new module that can verify secure configuration/usage of Logic Apps. 
### Improvements/Fixes: 
* Subscription Security 
	* Alert/ARM Policy enhancements 		
		* Added capability to get alerts for ARM policy violations. However, we also found that a lot of internal (background) activity from Azure causes the alerts to get activated. We have disabled the alert for the while and will share feedback with PG. 
		* The alert module now runs against policy/rules stored in a central location (in a "read-only" storage blob inside an ISRM subscription). The benefit of this is that rules can be enhanced without needing to re-download/install the Dev Ops kit.  
		* Other small improvements about package setup, warnings text, etc. 
* SS-Health -  
	* Added a new check to cover use of service principals across resource groups. This will help contain the risk from using a DevTest principal in a Prod RG and vice versa. 
	* Added support for remediating/correcting issues flagged in the RBAC health checks. 
 
* Dev/CICD Kit 
	* SVT enhancements 
		* Added more control check to the Service Fabric SVT module 
		* Renamed SVT report columns to be more intuitive 
		* Fixed issues reported in the App Service module 
 
