## 160930 

### New Features (preview): 
* Subscription Security –  
	* Just-Enough-Administration (JEA) – Support for JEA-based administration of subscriptions. The experience of setting up JEA has been significantly improved (automated) relative to the mid-month release. As a result, trying it out will be a very smooth experience even if you are unfamiliar with JEA. We are now working on the ‘lockdown’ configuration for the JEA jump-box server. 
	* Subscription Health Check – Capability to scan for several subscription RBAC-hygiene related issues such as presence excessive number of admins, non-MS accounts, MFA-exempt service accounts, management certificates, etc. (See full list in the docs.) 
	* Provisioning of central roles and accounts – Support for provisioning and configuration of some core accounts that are required by central teams. 
	* Custom alert logic for subscription activity – This release enhances alerting capability with support for SMS-based alerts for critical scenarios. It includes a ‘Critical Alerts’ sample that can be used as the framework for building up smart alerting rules based on deeper analysis of the alert and event fields. E.g., sending an SMS-based alert if the caller IP is x.y.z.p ‘and’ the ‘Owner’ role was changed. Email-based notifications will continue to work as earlier for the broader set of operations. 	
* Dev/CICD Kit – 
	* Security IntelliSense – A VS plugin based on the Roslyn Framework that provides inline assistance for security code development while code is being written. The current release contains rules for about a dozen Azure secure coding practices. Apart from Azure rules, some crypto rules are also included. The plugin is capable of ‘auto-refreshing’ the rulesets it uses. 
	* Security Verification Tests (SVT) – New modules added for control testing coverage of Azure Data Factory, Service Fabric and Service Bus (Queue, Topics, Event Hubs). 
* Alerting and Monitoring –  
	* Visibility of security critical events for Azure (PaaS and IaaS) resources for application teams.  
Improvements/Fixes: 
* Subscription Security –  
	* Ability to ‘uninstall’ alert package, ARM policy, etc. (equivalent of an ‘undo’). 
	* Notifications about disabled alerts and policies. 
 
