## 170531 
 
### Feature updates 
* Support for tracking control attestation state across the SVTs. The DevOps Kit now allows for and honors user overrides of raw control status. This is to enable scenarios such as: 
	* "I want to testify that the outputs for a control marked 'Verify' have been reviewed and should be 'treated as Passed'" 
	* "I want to override the status of a control marked 'Failed' and treat it as 'Passed' because the risk is low given other contextual information for my scenario" 
	* "I want to acknowledge the risk for a control marked 'Failed' and treat it as an 'Exception' for now" 
* All controls now have a 'Severity' field to help teams distinguish issues by degree of risk. 
* Added a unified command to scan a subscription and resources for SOX compliance and generate a report that can be leveraged by a SOX auditor. 
* Added security verification tests (SVTs) for On-premise Data Gateway (ODG) and Azure Traffic Manager. 
* Added support for versioning control-JSONs used by SVTs. This will alleviate backward compat issues and ensure that cmdlets from a particular version of the DevOps Kit pick up corresponding versions of control JSON to run against.  
 
### Other improvements/bug fixes 
* Fixes to Continuous Assurance framework and runbook:  
	a) A Get-AzSDKContinuousAssurance cmdlet to provide a summary of the current CA setup/configuration in the subscription 
	b) A Remove-AzSDKContinuousAssurance cmdlet to cleanup CA setup 
	c) Fixed an issue due to which CA runbook was switching into 'offline' mode due to an encoding issue of the serverUrl 
* Added progress updates in the PS console display to indicate overall scan completion status. This should help in long-running scans involving a large number of resources. 
* Removed some SQL Server (VM) based controls that had been included in the Azure SQL DB SVT.  
* All DevOps Kit docs have been moved to Markdown (MD) format from OneNote. This will help improve user navigation experience and will also give better versioning/change control support. The root doc is now hosted at MSIT Wiki and thus accessible to all without having to join a group. 
* Fixed an issue in the CICD extension which was causing an exception at the end of the pipeline. 
