## 170630 
 
### Feature updates 
* Control attestation for 'stateful' controls to facilitate scenarios that require manual state verification. For example, for controls such as: 
	* "Are these the correct members in the Owners role for this resource? " 
	* "Is the list of IP addresses configured on the DB firewall correct?" 
For all such controls, DevOps Kit now stores the 'attested state' and resets the status back to 'Verify' if there is any 'drift' from that state. (E.g., if another person is added to the said role or a new IP address is added on the firewall.) This basically makes 'continuous assurance' even more meaningful. 
* An improved OMS solution: 
	* The solution setup is much simpler (one-pass setup, requires minimal user inputs, no JSON editing, etc.)  
	* Richer set of out-of-box/ready-to-use artifacts for ops teams including: 
		* A unified view capturing subscription security, enterprise network security and application (RGs) security 
		* Several built-in 'searches' on top of AzSDK control evaluation events 
		* Pre-configured alerts for the important/actionable items 
* A (preview) UI for the DevOps Kit.
* DevOps Kit now supports AzureRm 4.x PowerShell modules. (The required version of AzureRm is automatically installed by DevOps Kit setup/update command.) 
* Support for downstream integration - AzSDK now supports sending events to an Event Hub and a generic Webhook. Both of these enable scenarios where control evaluation events can be routed to other repositories (besides OMS). 
* Added security verification tests (SVTs) for Azure Automation, Cosmos DB (Document DB) and Stream Analytics. 
* Significantly enhanced AzSDK Telemetry views and deployed an RBAC model for individual BU/SL leads to get access to their telemetry views.  
 
 
### Other improvements/bug fixes 
* Improved Continuous Assurance setup. Users need not provide an AzureADAppName parameter any more. AzSDK internally creates an Azure AD app on behalf of the user. (Note that this AAD app/SPN is used as the runtime account for scanning.) 
* Made the phone number parameter mandatory in Set-AzSDKSubscriptionSecurity. This is used to set the security point of contact in ASC and was (accidentally left as) optional earlier. 
* Completed preparatory work to retire the TCPs site (http://aka.ms/azsdktcp). These will be directly available in the core documentation.  
