 
## 170831 
 
### Feature updates 
* Support for 'baseline mode' for AzSDK scans. In 'baseline mode' a centrally defined 'control baseline' is used as the target control set to scan. This mode can be centrally configured as the default behavior for CA scans. Moreover, for manually validating conformance, this can also be passed as a switch to the scan commands.  
* A new OMS view showing subscription, ERNetwork and resource security status. The view has lots of usability improvements and should make it easy to review and resolve baseline control failures for various resource types. 
* New SVTs added for Azure Functions. 
* A preview of the 'fix controls' feature. This mode can be triggered via a "-GenerateFixScript" switch in the scan commands and makes AzSDK generate automated fix scripts for a subset of failed controls. These scripts can be subsequently run to rapidly remediate such controls. 
* The Get-AzSDKAzureServicesSecurityStatus now supports checkpointing via a "-UsePartialCommits" switch. When this switch is used, the command periodically persists scan progress to disk. That way, if the scan is interrupted or an error occurs, a future retry can resume from the last saved state. This capability also helps in CA scans where Azure forcefully suspends 'long running' automation jobs. 
* The CA runbook has been enhanced with various telemetry capabilities. For instance, it can now track the delta between resources present in a subscription v. resources actually scanned via CA. For virtual machines, we have also added metadata to get VM type, whether a VM is on an Express Route circuit or not, etc.  
 
### Other improvements/bug fixes 
* Added support to scan (classic/ASM) Cloud Services with ARM Reader privilege. This allows us to bring them in scope for CA scans. 
* Control attestation now supports different expiry intervals based on severity. Expiry periods can be set in the backend configuration.  
* Updated the PDF report generator to also include control attestation data.  
* The list of deprecated/'white-listed' central accounts has been updated. 
* The aka.ms/azsdktcp and aka.ms/azsdkosstcp AzSDK control info sites have been decommissioned. The content has been moved to GitHub 
