## 171130 (v.2.8.*)
### Feature updates
*  We have introduced a metadata command 'Get-AzSDKInfo' that can be used to get rich information about the DevOps kit for a subscription. You can use this to get information such as:
	* Version info about various artifacts
	*  Info about controls, current baseline controls, etc
	*  A summary of control attestations that have been done for the subscription.  
*  Auto-update support: From this release on, users can choose to configure auto-update for the DevOps kit. The first auto-update will actually happen from the next release. (Note that the DevOps kit always auto-updates in Continuous Assurance setups. This feature is for the PS module on your desktop.)  
*  AzSDK CICD Extension has been updated to support the complete set of parameters that are covered in manual scan (GRS) command. 
*  A preview of the new website for the DevOps Kit. Our intent is to make this the one place for DevOps Kit content (such as documents, videos, blogs, releases, news updates, etc.).
*  A new command to quickly setup a standalone 'Organization policy' endpoint for the DevOps kit. This was possible earlier but needed a lot of manual steps (almost a day of work). The command can be used to create a org-specific installer, customize various DevOps Kit policies and behavior. Once the org policy server is set up, subscription users in the org can run manual scans, setup Continuous Assurance, create the OMS view, etc. Support for running the DevOps Kit CICD release extension with custom org policy shall be added in an upcoming sprint.
	
### Other improvements/bug fixes
*  Installation: 
	* Added EULA & Privacy Disclosure support. (You will have to accept it once and the kit will remember it.)
	* DevOps kit will now force refuse to run scan commands if the version is older than 'N-2' where N is the current version. This ensures that the set of controls checked and the underlying logic is recent enough.
*  SVTs: 
	*  The scan commands now send additional metadata that will help the backend better evaluate the 'acceptability' of a control status event (from manual scans) for central compliance metrics. This includes things like additional metadata about resource type,  user RBAC permissions, attestation access, etc.
*  Controls: 
	*  Fixed issues related to RDP control status for Cloud Services. 
	* Added support for the recently released product feature to set 'HttpsOnly' for AppService & Azure Functions.
	* For VMs in deallocated state, control checks for anti-malware and OS patching have been changed to directly reflect Azure Security Center status.
*  Attestation:
	* Fixed an issue about Owner not able to attest. Running Update-AzSDKSubscriptionSecurity will create any core DevOps Kit resources that are not present/got deleted accidentally.

