## 180515 (AzSK v.3.2.*)
### Feature updates

ARM Template Checker:
*	Added the ability to exempt specific checks from ARM template scans and also exclude specific files from a scan folder. This provides teams fine-grained control when using the tool in CICD pipelines. 

AzSK PS Session Reset:
*	Added the ability to reset AzSK session state. This will reduce the need to close and reopen PS console session in several common situations (thus saving time from having to login, etc.)
*	This can be invoked via ‘Clear-AzSKSessionState’ (or simply the acronym: 'css')

Security Verification Tests (SVTs):
*	Preview controls are now available for Bot Service and Container Instances.

Org-policy feature updates (non-CSE):
*	Non-CSE customers using org policy feature can now get a view of AzSK health across the organization through a custom dashboard that is created at org policy setup time and deployed to the policy host subscription. 
*	The CA runbook and associated scripts have been extensively commented and instrumented with the goal of quicker diagnosis in various scan setup scenarios (central mode, multi-CA, etc.)
*	The AzSK PS Session Reset feature can be used to rapidly test org policy changes without having to restart PS each time.



### Other improvements/bug fixes

SVTs:
 
*	Following through on perf work from last sprint, we optimized calls to Event Hub and Webhook by batching multiple calls.
*	Fixed an issue in attestation which was causing indexing conflicts when reading attestation data.

Controls: 
*	Removed encryption controls from Storage Files & Queues (these are enabled by default in the product now).
*	Fixed a couple of issues related to ASC configuration check control. 

CA:
*	The CA runbook and supporting scripts that run during a CA scan have been augmented to emit significantly more diagnostic information. This will speed up diagnosis of CA scan issues. 
*	Fixed an issue whereby, upon an error during CA setup, the 'rollback code' was deleting a user-provided SPN. We now do not delete SPNs if they were explicitly passed to the CA commands. 

CICD: 
*	Fixed an issue related to default folder path when using ARM Checker in CICD.



