## 180917 (AzSK v.3.6.*)
  
### Feature updates

Security Verification Tests (SVTs):
* Preview of security controls for Azure Databricks service. This is part of our effort to focus on Azure services that are employed in big data analytics/machine learning based on increase in enquiries about such services.

Azure Policy-based control evaluation:
* To facilitate transition to Azure Policy, we have begun implementing control checks using Azure Policy compliance. This evaluation can be done in a side-by-side manner vis-a-vis existing implementations of the controls in AzSK.

ARM Template Checker:
* Support nested resources within ARM templates -- especially for resources such as SQL DBs.

'Secure Pattern' Recommendations:
* Preview of a machine learning-based feature that provides 'secure pattern' recommendations for Azure resource combinations (using data from past security scan results).

CICD SVT Extension:
* Support for wild-cards (‘*’) in ARM Template checker file path specification.

Org-policy feature updates (non-CSE):
* Ability to let customers control the default location where AzSK root resources will get created for subscriptions that are onboarded (for manual, CA or CICD scanning).

### Other improvements/bug fixes

SVTs: 
* Fixed an issue related to clearing attestation state if the control starts passing outright. This ensures that if the same control fails in the future, stale attestation data does not get reused.

Controls: 
* Reviewed the behavior and JSON for all Critical, High and Medium controls across the services below to ensure that the latest Azure product changes are reflected:
	* Automation, AppService, CDN, CloudService, ERvNet, SQLDatabase, KeyVault, VirtualNetwork, LogicApps, Storage, SubscriptionCore, VirtualMachine
	* Controls for rest of the services will be reviewed/refreshed in the next sprint.
* Marked KeyVault controls that check secrets expiry as 'Owner-only' as data plane access is required to scan them.
* Key Vault - fixed an issue with not capturing attestation state drift in stateful controls.
* Disabled DB level controls for enabling auditing and threat detection (server-level checks are sufficient now).
* Added capability to target applicable controls for ER-connected VMs via a tag.
* Updated several controls to use the latest ASC APIs (for ASC config controls and VM controls). Controls such as disk encryption, AV, etc. will now report correctly. Also, status of Linux-related controls as available in ASC will also be visible via AzSK scans.

CA: 
* Addressed issue with CA SPN cert renewal that was blocking many teams from renewing the CA SPN certificate. This was caused by a PG transition to new OData Standards in the Azure Graph API. 

Other:
* Updated to a newer dot release of the AzureRm 6.x modules (from 6.6.0 to 6.8.1) that addresses token caching issues. This should alleviate issues some people were facing while using the DevOps kit with an SC-ALT account.
* We have added additional telemetry for ADFv2 to enhance our visibility to big data security issues/patterns.
* We explored a tool called 'Aqua' which can scan Container Registry for vulnerabilities. 





