## 180315 (AzSK v.3.0.* and AzSDK v.2.11.*)
### Feature updates

DevOps Kit Module Migration:  
 *	We are releasing *two* PS modules in this release - AzSDK.PS1 (v 2.11.x) and AzSK.PS1 (v 3.0.x). 
 *	To use the new AzSK module, subscriptions will need to be migrated from "AzSDK" to "AzSK" (in terms of naming of various  artifacts created and used by the DevOps Kit such as alerts, automation account, storage account, policy, etc.).
 *	Old ‘Get/Set-AzSDKxxx’ commands are supported only in the old (AzSDK) module and new commands ‘Get/Set-AzSKxxx’ in the new (AzSK) module.
      *	Until the subscription is migrated, the 'old' AzSDK module (with 'AzSDK' version of cmdlets) should be used.
      *	Once a subscription has been migrated, cmdlets from the new module should be used.
 *	Note that the migration impacts all of these scenarios:
      *	Ad hoc/local scans from PS sessions (including local settings/log folders, etc.)
      *	Continuous Assurance
      *	CICD Release Task
      *	OMS Solution for monitoring
 *	Migration is easy! After the new AzSK module is installed, you just need to run ‘Update-AzSKSubscriptionSecurity -SubscriptionId <sub_id> -Migrate’
    
>Note: "If you have setup org-policy using the Install-AzSDKOrganizationPolicy cmdlet, please do not migrate your subscriptions yet. See [https://aka.ms/devopskit/extmigration](https://aka.ms/devopskit/extmigration) ."
 
### Other improvements/bug fixes

*	AzureRm 5.2 
    *	We have fixed an important issue that was earlier causing conflicts between AzureRm 4.x and 5.x on users' machines. (After this change, the DevOps Kit module will list explicit dependencies on individual AzureRm modules.)
*	SVTs: 
    *	Fixed an issue that was causing resources scans (GRS) to not complete due to inclusion of 'non-supported' resource types in the 'resources-to-scan' list while using ‘checkpoint’ mode.
*	Controls:
    * Cloud Service – fixed a control issue when the cloud service has no config settings.
    *	CORS control check is skipped for ‘Premium’ storage (which does not support CORS).
    *	PIM - new control added to test if PIM has been enabled on a subscription.
*	CA:
     *	Local scans will start sending events also to a secondary OMS workspace if one is configured in CA.
     *	Fixed an issue in the implementation of Webhook listener. This was earlier causing failures while sending events to Webhook in both ad hoc scans and from CA. 
*	OMS:
     *	Support for old (pre-Kusto) OMS view has been removed.
     *	Attestation expiry date is also included in control scan events sent to OMS.
*	CICD: 
     *  Updated CICD release extension to support the transition from old module to the new one (‘AzSK’).

