## 180716 (AzSK v.3.4.*)
  
### Feature updates

Module Migration (AzSDK to AzSK)::
* Migration is now fully complete. The new module (AzSK) will start cleaning up older artifacts (local settings corresponding to AzSDK    and the AzSDKRG resource group from subscriptions) from this release. 
* All other migration related code has been removed from various cmdlets.
* Added new command to generate a compliance summary for a subscription. This lets subscription owners list the current (latest) view of all controls from a compliance standpoint.
```Powershell
      Get-AzSKInfo -InfoType ComplianceInfo 
 ```

Security Verification Tests (SVTs):
* New controls for Azure Data Factory (for ADF v2 features).
* Complete controls for Bot Service and Container Instances.

CA scan can be auto-triggered upon resource deployment:
*	A new switch ‘-ScanOnDeployment’ can be used to trigger a scan for a resource group upon deployment of a new resource or update of an existing resource. (This is currently supported in normal CA mode. It is not supported in central/multi-CA account modes.)


Attestation workflow changes:
*	Ability to mark certain controls as "not attestable" and, also, to specify permissible attestation states for others.
*	Split "NotAnIssue" (which had an overloaded meaning earlier) into the following 3 states:
    * (Genuine) NotAnIssue -- to represent situations where the control is implemented in another way, so the finding does not apply.
    *	StateConfirmed -- to represent acknowledgment by a user that the control state (e.g., IP addressed ranges on a firewall) is    correct/appropriate
    *	NotApplicable -- the control is NA for the given design/context (e.g., a storage container that is public access ‘by design’)


Support for 'user comments' or 'user tags' on control results:
 
  This allows users to place 'markers' on controls which are remembered in the subscription. 
  *	This feature permits individual teams to support additional workflows for control triaging, fix tracking, etc. 
  *	These user comments will be available as another column in the CSV produced by GSS/GRS scans by specifying "-IncludeUserComments" switch. 
  *	Likewise, uploading user comments can be done by the command: "Update-AzSKPersistedState" and including a "UserComments" column in the CSV with the comments to include for each {resource, control} tuple.


Org-policy feature updates (non-CSE):
*	A new cmdlet (Get-AzSKOrganizationPolicyStatus) to check health/correctness of org policy configuration for a given setup and to also help remediate issues that were found.
* Provided option to download existing policies from the policy server.
*	If an org is using a version of AzSK that is more than 2 releases old (current-2), then we will show a ‘deprecated’ warning to ensure that customers using org policy are staying up to date with the latest security controls.
*	If a subscription is configured with a specific org policy then the scan commands run using some other (or OSS) policy will be disallowed with appropriate warnings.
*	Org policy customers can now generate compliance dashboard based on a Power BI content pack and a CSV mapping subscription to org details.

### Other improvements/bug fixes

SVTs: 
*	Fixed an issue related to concurrent local file access during attestation.

Performance improvements:
*	Optimized some redundant Azure RBAC and Find-AzureRmResource calls and removed long-running provider registration checks along common code paths.  
*	Optimized the startup code for GSS command. 

Controls: 
*	The ‘Azure_Storage_Audit_AuthN_Requests’ control now supports general purpose V2 storage.
*	A new control has been added that should encourage use of PIM for critical subscription level roles. We capture PIM-based RBAC details as well now.
*	Fixed an issue with Logic Apps where the SVT was hanging for Logic Apps with too many connectors.


CA:
*	Previously set OMS/AltOMS/WebHook settings can be cleared from the CA setup using a ‘-Remove’ option with Update-AzSKContinuousAssurance.
*	We now handle the “missing OMS settings” condition more gracefully (to cover a case when CA is not installed for a subscription and OMS is locally not set either).  





