## 180215 (v.2.10.* )
### Feature updates

* DevOps Kit Configuration Checks: 
  * We have introduced a set of controls that will validate the DevOps Kit setup and configuration for a given subscription as part of scans. These will proactively inform users about things such as (a) broken CA setups, (b) older version of the DevOps Kit module, (c) CA runbook too old, etc.
  * These ‘DevOps Kit health’ control results will also be sent to OMS.
* Activity Alert Monitoring:
  * Added central visibility to activity log alerts. This will get us telemetry on how frequently alerts are firing across subs and help enrich them.
  * Added capability to register for receiving SMS alerts for role assignment alerts.
* OMS: 
  * We have enhanced the OMS solution queries by leveraging richer metadata that is sent to OMS.
  
### Other improvements/bug fixes
* AzureRm 5.2
	* Migrated the DevOps Kit to use AzureRm 5.2.0 instead of AzureRm 4.1.0. This will be automatically installed as part of upgrade (in all scenarios SDL, CICD, CA).
* Renaming AzSDK -> AzSK:
	* The CICD release extension has been republished with the changed module name. More (internal) work in progress for the overall renaming effort. 
* Controls: 
	* Function Apps – fixed HTTPS/AuthN controls to apply only if trigger = HTTPS.
	* Cloud Service – fixed a control issue when the cloud service has no config settings.
	* Fixed other issues observed from errors/exceptions via our telemetry. 
* CA:
	* Simplified the experience for CA SPN cert renewal via a ‘-RenewCertificate’ switch in Update-CA.
	* Added more diagnostic info to help troubleshoot runbook issues.
	* Local scans will start respecting AltOMSworkspace as well.
* CICD: 
	* Updated our CICD release extension to use the latest VSTS Task SDK.
