## 180814 (AzSK v.3.5.*)
  
### Feature updates

Security Verification Tests (SVTs):
* New controls for Azure Container Registry (ACR).

ARM Template Checker:
* The ARM checker now supports multiple API versions for resource types. The versions supported are configurable at the org level.

CICD SVT Extension:
* Support for adding multiple SVT task instances in the same pipeline. Each instance will generate logs in its own separate folder.
* SVT task will not ‘silently’ pass if, for some reason, no AzSK scan is performed.
* Control statuses other than 'Passed' or 'Error' will be now treated as 'Failed' by default.
* A new pipeline variable 'TreatAsPassed' has been introduced to allow users more control over behavior of the SVT extension in case of various control statuses other than ‘Passed’ or ‘Failed’. For e.g., using this, one may choose to have the extension treat statuses such as 'Verify','Manual','Exception' or 'Remediate' as 'Passed'.

Org-policy feature updates (non-CSE):

**Note:** AzSK 3.5.0 has upgraded its dependancy on AzureRM and now requires AzureRM version 6.x. It has breaking changes for RunbookCoreSetup and RunbookScanAgent present on Custom Org Policy. If you are upgrading Org Policy with AzSK version 3.5.0 using configurations(AzSK.Pre.Json), you will need to take latest runbook files with update Org policy command (*Update-AzSKOrganizationPolicy -SubscriptionId [SubId] -OrgName [OrgName] -DepartmentName [DepName] -OverrideBaseConfig CARunbooks*). If you have customized these files for your Org(like adding -UseBaselineControls inside RunbookScanAgent etc.), You will need to re-do changes after running update command. 


* Policy owner can now use a local folder to ‘deploy’ policy to significantly improve debugging/troubleshooting experience. (Policy changes can be pre-tested locally and there’s no need to maintain a separate dev-test policy server endpoint.)
* Support for handling expiry of SAS token in the policy URL in an automated manner in local setup and CA. (Only CICD extension scenarios will need explicit updates. We will display warnings when expiry is coming up in the next 30 days.) 
* Support for schema validation of org policy config JSON via the Get-AzSKOrganizationPolicyStatus command. This will reduce chances of errors due to oversight/copy-paste errors, etc.
* Teams that extend the AzSK module can now also add custom listeners to receive scan events.

### Other improvements/bug fixes

SVTs: 
* Added helpful hints for command aliases to make users aware of the shortcut approaches to invoke their favorite AzSK commands (e.g., grs, gss, gca, etc.). Also, ensured the all command and parameter aliases are uniformly named.

Performance improvements:
* Optimized permission checks for control attestations. Removed redundant role definition calls during all RBAC related controls.

Controls: 
* Azure_VirtualMachine_NetSec_Dont_Open_Management_Ports - Fixed an issue with port range parsing that was causing the control to be evaluated incorrectly.
* Added telemetry for identifying accounts where PIM has not been activated.
* Fixed an issue with multiple KeyVault controls (e.g., Azure_KeyVault_DP_Keys_Secrets_Check_Expiry_Date) where the ‘ListKeys’ operation performed during control validation was causing a spurious alert.
* Added telemetry to ADF controls to get visibility to commonly used linked services in the context of big data pipelines.

Other:
* The DevOps Kit (AzSK) PowerShell module has been migrated from AzureRm 5.x to AzureRm 6.x. As always, the switch to the new dependency will be handled seamlessly in all AzSK usage modes (SDL, CICD, CA).





