## 180416 (AzSK v.3.1.*)
### Feature updates

DevOps Kit Module Migration:
*	We have completed all the core tasks vis-a-vis migration from AzSDK to AzSK. 
*	This release only ships the "AzSK" module. 
*	If your subscription is not migrated yet, you can still do it. Just run ‘Update-AzSKSubscriptionSecurity -SubscriptionId <sub_id> -Migrate’

Org-policy feature updates:
*	Customers who were managing their own org-specific DevOps Kit policy can now migrate the "AzSDK-based" policy to "AzSK" using the "Update-AzSKOrganizationPolicy" cmdlet with the "-migrate" switch.
*	The core DevOps Kit resources (names, location) can be more explicitly controlled by such organizations.

ARM Template Checker:  
 *	The ARM Template Checker has been integrated into the DevOps Kit. It can be invoked using the "Get-AzSKARMTemplateSecurityStatus" cmdlet. The cmdlet can check templates for App Service, Storage, SQL, CDN, Traffic Manager, Document DB, Redis Cache, Data Lake.
*	The ARM Template Checker is also available in the VS Gallery as a CICD extension.
	
Multi-subscription (or 'Central Mode') CA Scanning:
 *	This feature has been augmented to support load-balancing the overall set of subscriptions amongst multiple automation accounts in the master subscription. This capability should unblock some customers who were facing scale challenges due to Azure Automation limitations. The feature should also work more robustly side-by-side with 'individual scan' mode. 

Command Shortcuts:
*	Most DevOps Kit cmdlets can now also be invoked using their 3-letter acronyms (e.g., 'grs' for 'Get-AzSKSubscriptionSecurityStatus', 'ica' for 'Install-AzSKContinuousAssurance', etc.). Short names are also supported for common parameters (e.g., 'gca -s {sub-id}' for 'Get-AzSKContinuousAssurance -SubscriptionId {sub-id}').

Public Git Repo:
*	The DevOps Kit source repo (with AzSK-based code) is at: https://github.com/azsk/DevOpsKit 
*	The documentation is at: https://github.com/azsk/DevOpsKit-docs 


### Other improvements/bug fixes

SVTs: 
 *	We have optimized the backend calls to AI-telemetry. This should improve scan command execution times by up to 50% in most cases.

Controls: 
*	VM patching and vulnerability controls have been updated to use a new approach per recommendation from the ASC team.
*	Fixed an issue related to cloud service controls getting triggered for classic VMs.
*	HttpsOnly control fix can be generated using the ‘-GenerateFixScript’ flag when scanning.
*	ERVNet SVTs were failing for some VMs due to auto-created VM NICs (which were not accessible through the Azure portal). The SVTs will now filter such NICs out.

CA:
*	A special 'scan-started' and 'scan-completed' event has been introduced in CA. This will be sent to OMS currently. 
	 

CICD: 
*	The CICD release extension now includes both the ARM Template Checker and the Security Verification Tests (SVTs) extensions.



