## 181015 (AzSK v.3.7.0)
  
### Feature updates

Security Verification Tests (SVTs):
* Added new controls/SVTs for the following services:
	* Azure Kubernetes Service (preview)
	* API Management
* Ability to exclude resources via specific resource names and resource groups from (GRS) scans. (In the previous sprint, we had added support to exclude by control-id and resource type names.)
* Azure Policy-based control evaluation:
	* Added ability to target a subset of subscriptions for policy-based control evaluation from the DevOps Kit.
* Org-policy feature updates (non-CSE):
	* Ability to run manual and CICD scans on sovereign clouds. Please review GitHub docs for the steps needed.
	* For central mode CA scanning, if central subscription is used for logging, then CA will not write to target subscription storage account any more. (Earlier, it used still use the target subscription storage account for checkpoints and other metadata.) For new setups or new target subscriptions added to the configuration, DevOps Kit will not create resources (or AzSKRG) in the target subscription.

### Other improvements/bug fixes

SVTs: 
* HDInsight cluster level control automation (Azure_HDInsight_Deploy_Supported_Cluster_Version, Azure_HDInsight_AuthZ_Restrict_Cluster_Network_Access)
* Databricks Access control automation (Azure_Databricks_AuthZ_Enable_Workspace_Access_Control , Azure_Databricks_AuthZ_Enable_Cluster_Access_Control , Azure_Databricks_AuthZ_Enable_Job_Access_Control)  

Controls: 
* Fixed bug where permission-based error message on attestation of Key Vault controls appeared only in normal attestation mode and not bulk attestation mode. Now we get it in bulk attestation mode as well.

CICD Extension:
* Updated SVT task to work with sovereign clouds.
* Also updated ARM checker task to address removal of ‘preview’ flag.

