## 190415 (AzSK v.3.12.0)

### Feature updates


*	ARM Template Checker:
	* The ARM Template Checker now supports templates that use parameters files. The ARM Checker CICD task can also leverage this capability. So long as the parameter file name corresponds to the ARM template file name (e.g., Foo.parameters.JSON for Foo.JSON), multiple templates with corresponding parameter files can be scanned by specifying the containing folder.

*	(Preview) Security Scan for Azure Active Directory (AAD)
	*	A new module called ‘AzSK.AAD’ can be used to check for security configuration and best practices for various artifacts in an AAD tenant.
	*	Two separate commands are provided – one targeted for AAD-admin (scan all objects) and another for the end user (scan ‘user-owned’ objects).
	*	To try this, use the following steps:

		 AAD scan cmdlets are packaged as a separate module (AzSK.AAD)
		```Powershell
		Install-module AzSK.AAD -Scope CurrentUser -AllowClobber
		Import-module AzSK.AAD
		Get-AzSKAADSecurityStatusTenant    # to check the tenant (admin)
		Get-AzSKAADSecurityStatusUser      # to check objects you own (user) 
		```

		Some caveats: 
		*	Do not run these in the same PS session as AzSK. Start a new PS console.
		*	Az- modules require .Net Framework v4.7.2.
		*	By default, the current cmdlets will scan just 3 objects of each type (Apps/SPNs/Groups, etc.). This is until we work out how best to group/batch scans when scanning the entire tenant. If you want to scan more objects you can use the ‘-MaxObj’ switch in the cmdlets.

*	Security Verification Tests (SVTs):
	*	The tag compliance control has been updated to make tag comparison behavior ‘case-insensitive’ (i.e., ComponentID, componentID, ComponentId, etc. will be treated as the same tag).
	*	To review your tagging compliance use:
		```Powershell
		gss -s 'subscriptionId' -ControlIds 'Azure_Subscription_Config_Add_Required_Tags'
		```
    
*	(Preview) In-cluster security scans for ADB, AKS, HDI Spark
	*	HDI and ADB CA now support sending events to App Insights
	*	ADB CA support scanning multiple clusters now
	*	New controls have been added to AKS scan
	*	Several UX and perf improvements in setup and scan job.
	*	To try in-cluster CA see instructions at https://aka.ms/devopskit/inclusterca

*	Log Analytics - additional filters:
	*	More filters have been added to the Log Analytics view (support filtering by ResourceType, ControlSeverity and Subscriptions). To get these you will need to recreate the view using the “Install-AzSKMonitoringSolution” cmdlet.

*	Migration to Az- modules:
	*	We have switched back to the product implementation of ‘Set-AzStorageBlobContent’ and ‘Get-AzStorageBlobContent’ at various places in AzSK (runbooks, module code, etc.). In 3.11.0, we had used a workaround for these to make CA work in spite of this issue in Azure Automation.
	*	A couple of reminders:
		*	When using AzSK from PS console (SDL mode of AzSK), exercise care to not accidentally import (pre-existing) AzureRM libraries into the session. 
		*	Remember that for Az-* modules, you should use ‘Connect-AzAccount’ and ‘Disconnect-AzAccount’ (do not use ‘Login-AzureRmAccount’ or ‘Connect/Disconnect-AzureRMAccount’).


*	(Preview) AzSK module for Azure DevOps (VSTS) 
	* Several new controls have been added to the AzSK.AzureDevOps module. These should encourage better RBAC, branch and deployment hygiene and limit exposure from inherited permissions of global groups.
	#VSTS scanning is packaged in a separate module called AzSK.AzureDevOps!
		```Powershell
		Install-Module AzSK.AzureDevOps -Scope CurrentUser -AllowClobber    
		Get-AzSKAzureDevOpsSecurityStatus -OrganizationName "MicrosoftIT"`
										-ProjectNames "OneITVSO"`
										-BuildNames "build_name_here"`
										-ReleaseNames "release_name_here"  
		```

•	Org-policy updates (non-CSE):
o	No org-policy specific updates in this release.


### Other improvements/bug fixes

*	Other improvements/bug fixes
	*	SVTs: 
		* N/A

*	Controls:
	*	The authentication control for AppServices, Azure_AppService_AuthN_Use_AAD_for_Client_AuthN, will now check UnauthenticatedClientAction and fail if the latter is set to ‘Allowed’.
	*	The Azure_AppService_DP_Dont_Allow_HTTP_Access_Fn & Azure_AppService_AuthN_Use_AAD_for_Client_AuthN controls will now be scanned even if the AppService is in 'stopped’ state
	*	The ‘PIM-check’ control (Azure_Subscription_AuthZ_Dont_Grant_Persistent_Access) has been augmented to support a whitelist. Using this, the “Subscription Admins” group which gets inherited as ‘Owner’ from root (out-of-box PG behavior) will not result in a control failure.
	*	Changed encrypted variables control to skip more AzSK-created variables in AzSKRG.
	*	The VM disk encryption check has been updated to report (ASC-based status) correctly even for deallocated VMs.

*	ARM Checker:
	*	Fixed a regex issue for the ‘-ExcludeFiles’ switch. Earlier it was excluding more files than what the user intended.
*	CA:
	*	Changed CA implementation so that the first scan after a fresh CA installation happens right away (instead of the next day after install).

*	Log Analytics (OMS)
	*	N/A


