## 190315 (AzSK v.3.11.0)

### Feature updates

Migration from AzureRM to Az-*:
*	This release of AzSK has switched to using the new Az-* PowerShell libraries instead of AzureRM for Azure PS support. By and large, this should be a seamless transition for DevOps Kit users except for the caveats below:
	* When using AzSK from PS console (SDL mode of AzSK), exercise care to not accidentally import (pre-existing) AzureRM libraries into the session. As always, after upgrade, it is best to start with “import-module AzSK” in a new PS session.
	* Remember that for Az-* modules, you should use ‘Connect-AzAccount’ and ‘Disconnect-AzAccount’ (as opposed to ‘Connect/Disconnect-AzureRMAccount’).

*   We have also updated control recommendation, fix-scripts etc. to reflect the change from AzureRM to Az-*.

*	We shall be updating the public (Git) AzSK docs over the next few days (to change references to AzureRm cmdlets to corresponding Az-* ones). If you update your local setup of DevOps Kit, remember to use the ‘Az-*’ version of all cmdlets instead of the ‘AzureRm’ versions. In most cases, this simply amounts to replacing ‘AzureRm’ with ‘Az’ in a cmdlet (e.g., Get-AzureRmContext to Get-AzContext).

* If you have set up your own org policy, make sure to go through the 'Org-policy feature updates' section below.

Security Verification Tests (SVTs):

*	Added control to check that a vulnerability management solution is configured for VMs (both Windows and Linux). The control checks for the extension (e.g., Qualys) is enabled and in a ‘healthy’ provisioning state. The vuln solution required and expected minimum version are configurable for an organization.

*	Added control to require that “Standard” tier is enabled for Azure Security Center for a subscription. (The “Standard” tier for ASC provides a lot of security capabilities which the “Free” tier does not.)


*	(Preview) New cmdlet for PIM management:
    *	Integrated a script into AzSK that should help with Privileged Identity Management (PIM) configuration. 
    *	To try this run:
    ```Powershell
    Set-AzSKPIMConfiguration
    ```

*	(Preview) In-cluster security scans for Databricks, Kubernetes, HDInsight Spark
    *	We have implemented support for in-cluster security control scans for Databricks, Kubernetes and HDInsight Spark clusters using an approach similar to AzSK Continuous Assurance (CA). 

    *	Currently, a total of 13 controls are available for Databricks, 7 for Kubernetes and 11 for HDInsight Spark.

    *	This feature is currently available via a separate setup command. We will publish the instructions at https://aka.ms/devopskit/inclusterca in next few days.

*	Added support for additional service types to DevOps Kit ARM Checker:
    *	Key Vault, Service Fabric, Virtual Network, Logic Apps and Container Registry

*	OMS migration to Log Analytics:
    *	The cmdlets Install-AzSKOMSSolution and Set-AzSKOMSSettings will be deprecated soon. Please use Install-AzSKMonitoringSolution and Set-AzSKMonitoringSettings in lieu of these.

*	Alerts for additional resource types:
    *	Enhanced Set-AzSKAlerts (which gets called also from Set-AzSKSubscriptionSecurity) to include alerts for security-relevant activities on several new resource types (e.g., APIM, HDInsight, Load Balancer, etc.)



* Org-policy feature updates:
	*	Fixed an issue which was causing an unexpected error in org policy download via 
    ```
    Get-AzSKOrganizationPolicyStatus -DownloadPolicy
    ``` 
*	We have validated steps required to add an entirely new (hitherto unsupported) service SVT to AzSK using the extensibility model.
*	Org policy users will need to perform explicit steps to migrate from AzureRM to Az-* based AzSK module which will be published at the link below.
*	Note: Important changes/updates required for Org Policy users are published 1 working day after each release at: https://aka.ms/devopskit/orgpolicy/updates


### Other improvements/bug fixes

*	SVTs: 
    *	Fixed an issue related to a product change in default settings for Azure Security Center policies (this was resulting in a 'endpointProtectionMonitoringEffect property not found’ error for subscriptions where ASC policies had never previously been set).
    *	Changed Databricks SVT to skip the following controls which were failing due to the external lock that exists on Databricks resource groups:
        * Azure_Storage_AuthN_Dont_Allow_Anonymous, 
        
        * Azure_Storage_Audit_AuthN_Requests, 
        
        * Azure_Storage_DP_Restrict_CORS_Access

*	ARM Template Checker:
    *	Fixed an issue where for certain templates the ARM checker cmdlet was going into an infinite loop.

*	Controls:
    *	Fixed an issue related to log retention period check for enable diagnostics log control for all resources.
    
    *	The storage container/blob public access check control (Azure_Storage_AuthN_Dont_Allow_Anonymous) will no longer require ‘Owner’ access. This makes it possible to check the control from CA which is a big improvement to ‘continuous’ visibility for storage container/blob access control config.

    *	Fixed a bug related to discrepancy in control status on configuring Custom Domains and SSL on Azure App Service (Azure_AppService_DP_Use_CNAME_With_SSL)

    *	Fixed an issue in implementation of Cloud Service anti-malware control (Azure_CloudService_SI_Enable_AntiMalware)


