## 190515 (AzSK v.3.13.0)

### Feature updates


*	Privileged Identity Management (PIM) helper cmdlets:
	* New capabilities in cmdlets to make Privileged Identity Management (PIM) operations quicker via automation. 
	* Set-AzSKPIMConfiguration for configuring/changing PIM settings:
		*	Assigning users to roles (-AssignRole)
		*	Activating your roles (-ActivateMyRole)
		*	Deactivating your roles (-DeacctivateMyRole)
		*	Converting permanent assignments at subscription/RG scope to PIM (-ConvertPermanentAssignmentsToPIM)
		*	Removing permanent assignments altogether (-RemovePermanentAssignments)

	*	Get-AzSKPIMConfiguration for querying various PIM settings/status:
		*	List your PIM-eligible roles (-ListMyEligibleRoles)
		*	List permanent assignments (-ListPermanentAssignments) 
		*	List PIM assignments (-ListPIMAssignments)

	*	Detailed documentation for all new flags along with sample cmdlets will be available ~a day after release in the ‘01-Subscription-Security’ section of our docs at https://aka.ms/devopskit.

* Adoption of Azure Security Center (ASC) policies:
	*	The Set/Update-AzSKSubscriptionSecurity and Set-AzSKAzureSecurityCenterPolicies cmdlets have been expanded to set 25+ new policies from the ‘ASC default initiative’ as ‘required’. The corresponding ASC policy check control has also been modified to check that these policies have been setup correctly. 
	*	About 30+ other policies are currently available as ‘optional’. These can be setup by using the ‘-OptionalPolicies’ flag in Set-AzSKAzureSecurityCenterPolicies and aren’t checked in the ASC policy check control. 


*	(Preview) Security Scan for Azure Active Directory (AAD)
	*	The new AzSK.AAD module has been enhanced to send telemetry events to a Log Analytics workspace. You can use the AzSK.AAD version of Set-AzSKLogAnalyticsSettings to enable this.
	*	Control scan events can also be sent to a custom App Insights instance. You can use Set-AzSKLocalAIOrgTelemetrySettings to enable this.
	*	A new ‘None’ value for the switch -ObjectType can help you focus just on tenant config controls and skip checking individual object instances (users, groups, apps, etc.) altogether.
	*	In case you have not tried the basic cmdlets yet, use following steps::

		 AAD scan cmdlets are packaged as a separate module (AzSK.AAD)
		```Powershell
		Install-module AzSK.AAD -Scope CurrentUser -AllowClobber
		Import-module AzSK.AAD
		Get-AzSKAADSecurityStatusTenant    # to check the tenant (admin)
		Get-AzSKAADSecurityStatusUser      # to check objects you own (user) 
		```

		Caveats: 
		*	Do not run these in the same PS session as AzSK. Start a new PS console.
		*	Az- modules require .Net Framework v4.7.2.
		*	By default, the current cmdlets will scan just 3 objects of each type (Apps/SPNs/Groups, etc.). This is until we work out how best to group/batch scans when scanning the entire tenant. If you want to scan more objects you can use the ‘-MaxObj’ switch in the cmdlets.

*	ARM Template Checker:
	*	The ARM Template Checker now supports 3 new service types (Container Instances, EventHub, Search).

*	Security Verification Tests (SVTs):
	*	N/A
    
*	(Preview) In-cluster security scans for ADB, AKS, HDI Spark
	*	Schema used for AI telemetry standardized across ADB, AKS and HDI scans.
	*	To try out in-cluster CA, see instructions at https://aka.ms/devopskit/inclusterca
	We are looking for early adopters and will be happy to handhold you through the setup.


*	Log Analytics - additional filters:
	*	The ‘ComponentId’ and ‘Env’ tags for subscription and resource groups are now sent to Log Analytics as part of DevOps Kit scan events. 
	*	This can help further refine/group the queries and views when using the DevOps Kit log analytics/monitoring solution.


*	Migration to Az- modules:
	*	No new updates.
	*	Caveats:
		*	When using AzSK from PS console (SDL mode of AzSK), exercise care to not accidentally import (pre-existing) AzureRM libraries into the session. 
		*	Remember that for Az-* modules, you should use ‘Connect-AzAccount’ and ‘Disconnect-AzAccount’ (do not use ‘Login-AzureRmAccount’ or ‘Connect/Disconnect-AzureRMAccount’).



*	(Preview) AzSK module for Azure DevOps (VSTS) 
	* 	No new updates. You can try the scan cmdlet using:
	
	* VSTS scanning is packaged in a separate module called AzSK.AzureDevOps!

		```Powershell
		Install-Module AzSK.AzureDevOps -Scope CurrentUser -AllowClobber    
		Get-AzSKAzureDevOpsSecurityStatus -OrganizationName "MicrosoftIT"`
										-ProjectNames "OneITVSO"`
										-BuildNames "build_name_here"`
										-ReleaseNames "release_name_here"  
		```

•	Org-policy updates (non-CSE):
	*	Support for extensibility for ARM Checker. You can now add new controls to existing services and also add altogether new services to be scanned in the ARM Checker for your organization.
	*	Some of the re-configuration of DevOps Kit alerts by mandatory v. optional will become available in the next sprint.



### Other improvements/bug fixes

*	Other improvements/bug fixes
	*	Subscription Security:
		*	Modified Update-AzSKSubscriptionSecurity/Set-AzSKARMPolicies so that the cmdlets will now remove deprecated (previously setup but not mandatory anymore) AzSK ARM policies from subscriptions.

	*	SVTs: 
		* N/A

*	Controls:
	*	The authentication control for AppService, Azure_AppService_AuthN_Use_AAD_for_Client_AuthN, will now validate that the app is not using a non-tenant/non-AAD authentication provider (Facebook, Twitter, etc.).

	*	New control called Azure_KeyVault_Avoid_Excessive_Versions_Keys_Secrets added for key vault to check excessive number of past keys and secret versions (>3 enabled versions). 

	*	The control for checking tagging compliance can now support ‘whitelisting’ using RegEx. This allows org-wide exemption of certain resource groups from enforcement of the control. 
	
	*	New control called Azure_VirtualMachine_SI_Deploy_GuestConfig_Extension added to check guest-configuration extension for Windows & Linux VMs. The control checks that the extension is provisioned successfully, the VM has a ‘system-assigned’ managed identity and an org-configurable assignment name.
	
	*	Perf-enhancements for the following Key Vault controls: Azure_KeyVault_DP_Keys_Protect_By_HSM, Azure_KeyVault_DP_Keys_Secrets_Check_Expiry_Date and Azure_KeyVault_AuthN_Key_Min_Operation


*	ARM Checker:
	*	Controls that emit a ‘Verify’ result can be skipped now using the ‘-SkipControlsFromFile’ feature.
*	CA:
	*	Added a throttling mechanism to help CA runbooks run to completion when scanning large subscriptions containing APIM objects. These were being terminated earlier by Azure due to ‘excessive socket accumulation’. (The sockets would get released over time but not fast enough.) The throttling mechanism avoids the build-up.

*	Log Analytics (OMS)
	*	N/A


