## 190614 (AzSK v.3.14.0)

### Feature updates


*	DevOps Kit for PowerShell Core (Preview):
	*	We have a preview drop of the DevOps Kit module ready on PowerShell core. This covers all DevOps 	Kit cmdlets except for Continuous Assurance (CA).
	*	The CA related cmdlets (ICA, GCA, RCA, etc.) will be completed in the next sprint.
	*	We will publish the steps to try this out at https://aka.ms/devopskit/pscore by Monday.

*	ARM Template Checker:
	*	Support for targeting specific control-ids for both scanning and exclusion.
	*	Support for org baseline (and preview baseline) switches.


*	Security Verification Tests (SVTs):
	*	Support for guest configuration policy extension and control evaluation for Windows and Linux VMs. This provides visibility to ‘in-guest’ security policy compliance for VMs. This is covered through two controls:
	*	Azure_VirtualMachine_SI_GuestConfig_Policy_Health
	*	Azure_VirtualMachine_SI_Deploy_GuestConfig_Extension


*	CICD:
	*	Impt: After this release, the AzSK CICD extensions will not work on Visual Studio 2015 hosted agents. This is because the Az-* PowerShell libraries are not available in these agents. Please migrate to VS-2017 or VS-2019 based hosted agents.
	*	The ARM Checker CICD Extension now has the following capabilities:
	*	Support for 'ExtendedCommand' to allow users to customize the ARM scan in CICD.
	*	Support for 'TreatAsPassed' for controls that get evaluated as 'Verify'.
 
*	(Preview) In-cluster security scans for ADB, AKS, HDI Spark
	*	Added support for Update-CA functionality for Databricks and HDI Spark.
	*	Added new controls for Databricks to cover init scripts and installed libraries.

*	Log Analytics:
	*	Changed names for OMSWorkspaceId and OMSSharedKey to LAWSId and LAWSSharedKey respectively (similar changes for AltOMS-* variables). 
	*	For CSEO CA, these changes will be addressed automatically (no user intervention needed).
	*	For OSS and Org Policy customers, these changes to the names need to be pushed by subscription owners via Update-CA.
	*	For CICD tasks that send events to OMS/Log Analytics, users will have to change/add the new variables in the pipeline variables (instead of the old/existing ones).

*	The following new controls have been added to the Azure DevOps (VSTS) security scan module. These 		reflect some RBAC practices and findings from security testing performed by DSRE on the CSEO tenant:
	*	AzureDevOps_Organization_SI_Review_Shared_Extensions
	*	AzureDevOps_AgentPool_Build_AuthZ_Grant_Min_RBAC_Access
	*	AzureDevOps_AgentPool_AuthZ_Disable_InheritPermissions
	*	AzureDevOps_AgentPool_SI_Lockdown_Machine
	*	AzureDevOps_AgentPool_SI_Missing_OS_Patches

Note: The next few items mention features from recent releases retained for visibility in case you missed those release announcements:

*	Privileged Identity Management (PIM) helper cmdlets (from last sprint)  
	*	Set-AzSKPIMConfiguration for configuring/changing PIM settings
	*	Get-AzSKPIMConfiguration for querying various PIM settings/status
	*	Activating your PIM role is now as simple as this:
		pim -ActivateMyRole -SubscriptionId $s5 -DurationInHours 8 -Justification 'ad hoc test' -RoleName Owner
	*	See docs [here](https://github.com/azsk/DevOpsKit-docs/blob/master/01-Subscription-Security/Readme.md#azsk-privileged-identity-management-pim-helper-cmdlets-1) for more.

*	(Preview) Security Scan for Azure Active Directory (AAD)
	*	You can scan security controls for your AAD tenant (as either an admin or even as a regular user) using the DevOps Kit AAD Security Scan module.
	*	Use following steps:
		 AAD scan cmdlets are packaged as a separate module (AzSK.AAD)
		```Powershell
		Install-module AzSK.AAD -Scope CurrentUser -AllowClobber
		Import-module AzSK.AAD
		Get-AzSKAADSecurityStatusTenant    # to check the tenant (admin)
		Get-AzSKAADSecurityStatusUser      # to check objects you own (user) 
		```
	*	Caveats: 
		*	Do not run these in the same PS session as AzSK. Start a new PS console.
		*	Az- modules require .Net Framework v4.7.2.
		*	By default, the current cmdlets will scan just 3 objects of each type (Apps/SPNs/Groups, etc.). This is until we work out how best to group/batch scans when scanning the entire tenant. If you want to scan more objects you can use the ‘-MaxObj’ switch in the cmdlets.

*	(Preview) AzSK module for Azure DevOps (VSTS) 
	*	You can try the scan cmdlet using:
  		#VSTS scan cmdlet is in a separate module called AzSK.AzureDevOps!
  		Install-Module AzSK.AzureDevOps -Scope CurrentUser -AllowClobber    
  		Get-AzSKAzureDevOpsSecurityStatus -OrganizationName "MicrosoftIT"`
                                    -ProjectNames "OneITVSO"`
                                    -BuildNames "build_name_here"`
                                    -ReleaseNames "release_name_here"  
.
*	Org-policy updates (for non-CSEO users):
	*	Support for segregating DevOps Kit alerts by mandatory v. optional is now available for all customers. The default cmdlets (Set-AzSKSubscriptionSecurity and Set-AzSKAlerts) will only setup ‘mandatory’ subset of activity alerts. (Please see previous sprint release notes for more.)
	*	Please review the variable name changes for OMS workspace and shared key above. 


### Other improvements/bug fixes

*	Subscription Security:
	*	N/A

*	SVTs: 
	*	GRS/GSS/GACS command outputs CSV now includes the ‘IsPreviewBaselineControl’ as a separate column (not bundled with 'baseline' control column anymore).
	*	Fixed an issue whereby while using '-ubc' and '-upbc' switches together, some resources were getting scanned twice.


*	Controls:
	*	The behavior for Azure Security Center (ASC) alerts control has been modified to target high 		risk alerts only.
		*	ASC alerts that are of severity 'high' will results in control failure if/when they are > 30 days old.
	*	The Azure_VirtualMachine_NetSec_Justify_PublicIPs control will not be scanned for VMs spun up in 	Databricks-managed resource groups.
	*	In preparation for migration to new Azure platform alerts, alerts-related controls for various 		services (APIM, Stream Analytics, Batch, etc.) have been migrated to check for new alerts 			(control fix recommendations have been changed accordingly). Classic alerts will be retired by 		Azure in Aug-2019.
	*	Added a check to skip Azure_Storage_AuthN_Dont_Allow_Anonymous control for storage of type 'File 	Share (Preview)'. 


*	Security IntelliSense is now supported on VS 2019. You can install it using the instructions [here](https://github.com/azsk/DevOpsKit-docs/blob/master/02-Secure-Development/Readme.md).


*	ARM Template Checker:
	*	Fixed a bug that was causing file names with spaces in them to get skipped during parsing.
	*	Fixed a bug that was causing some SQL controls to get scanned for a CosmosDb ARM template.

*	CA:
	*	N/A

*	Log Analytics (OMS)
	*	N/A

*	Other
	*	Updated Get-AzSKInfo cmdlet to:
		*	include version info for ASC
		*	support '-IsPreviewBaselineControl' flag (in 'gai -infotype complianceInfo')



