## 200214 (AzSK v.4.6.0)

### Feature updates

* 	(Preview) DevOps Kit Continuous Assurance using containers:
    * Public preview to run DevOps Kit CA runbook inside a container image (in lieu of Azure Automation hosted runbooks).
    * This has been developed as an alternate option that is not limited by the memory, CPU and networking thresholds imposed by Azure Automation service runtime. Currently in larger subscriptions, if any of the thresholds are exceeded, Azure Automation terminates the sandbox and, as a result, the scan remains incomplete. 
    * This eliminates the need to renew the certificate periodically.
    * Installation steps will be available [here](http://aka.ms/devopskit/containerizedCA) early next week.


*	(Preview) AzSK module for Azure DevOps (ADO):
    * Packaged the DevOps Kit scanner for ADO as a native ADO extension that can be used for Continuous Assurance for ADO security. This also includes widgets to visualize the scan results for various stakeholders (such as org admin, project owners, build/release owners etc.).
    * The dashboard now supports link to failing resources for each control.
        * Refer the documentation [here](https://github.com/azsk/DevOpsKit-docs/blob/master/09-AzureDevOps(VSTS)-Security/Readme.md#continuous-assurance-1) for more information.
    * Added ~20 new security controls at organization, project, user, pipeline (build & release), service connection and agent pool scope.
    * Added support to target scans using parameters/switches like baseline controls, control id & severity.

*	Security Verification Tests (SVTs):
    * Introduced a new feature that lets us evaluate native DevOps Kit controls and the corresponding Azure policies (as available). 
    * This will be useful in our efforts to transition from DevOps Kit controls to native Azure policies. Currently, this is available as an opt-in capability.

* Privileged Identity Management (PIM):
    * –RemovePIMAssignment switch has been added in Set-AzSKPIMConfiguration cmdlet to remove PIM assignments of users for a specific role. E.g.,
        ```Powershell
        setpim -RemovePIMAssignment -SubscriptionId $sub -RoleName ‘Owner’ -PrincipalNames ‘abc@microsoft.com,xyz@microsoft.com’ -Force
        ```

*	Control Attestation:
    * Added capabilities to address situation where if the structure of the attested state for a resource is changed by DevOps Kit, the current control attestation will be respected till its actual expiry.

* In-cluster security scans for ADB, AKS, HDI Spark:
    * N/A.

* Log Analytics:
    * N/A.

* ARM Template Checker:
    * N/A.

* Org policy/external user updates (for non-CSEO users):
    * Added a view for resource inventory of an organization in the cloud security compliance report (using PowerBI).

Note: The next few items mention features from recent releases retained for visibility in case you missed those release announcements:

*	(Preview) AzSK module for Azure DevOps (ADO/VSTS) 
    *	You can try the scan cmdlet using:
    ```Powershell
    #VSTS scan cmdlet is in a separate module called AzSK.AzureDevOps!
    Install-Module AzSK.AzureDevOps -Scope CurrentUser -AllowClobber    
    Get-AzSKAzureDevOpsSecurityStatus -OrganizationName "MicrosoftIT"`
                                        -ProjectNames "OneITVSO"`
                                        -BuildNames "build_name_here"`
                                        -ReleaseNames "release_name_here"  
    ```

*	Credential Hygiene helper cmdlets  
    * ```New-AzSKTrackedCredential``` to onboard a credential for tracking via DevOps Kit. You can set the reminder period (in days) for the credential.
    * ```Get-AzSKTrackedCredential``` to list the onboarded credential(s).
    * ```Update-AzSKTrackedCredential``` to update the credential settings and reset the last updated timestamp.
    * ```Remove-AzSKTrackedCredential``` to deboard a credential from AzSK tracking.

*	Privileged Identity Management (PIM) helper cmdlets (from last sprint)  
    * ```Set-AzSKPIMConfiguration``` (alias ```setpim```) for configuring/changing PIM settings
    * ```Get-AzSKPIMConfiguration``` (alias ```getpim```) for querying various PIM settings/status
    * Activating your PIM role is now as simple as this:
    
    ``` setpim -ActivateMyRole -SubscriptionId $sub -RoleName Owner -DurationInHours 8 -Justification 'ad hoc test'  ```
    * See docs [here](https://github.com/azsk/DevOpsKit-docs/blob/master/01-Subscription-Security/Readme.md#azsk-privileged-identity-management-pim-helper-cmdlets-1) for more.

*	(Preview) Security Scan for Azure Active Directory (AAD)
    *	You can scan security controls for your AAD tenant (as either an admin or even as a regular user) using the DevOps Kit AAD Security Scan module.
    *	Use following steps:
        ```Powershell
        # AAD scan cmdlets are packaged as a separate module (AzSK.AAD)
        Install-Module AzSK.AAD -Scope CurrentUser -AllowClobber
        Import-Module AzSK.AAD
        Get-AzSKAADSecurityStatusTenant    # check the tenant (admin)
        Get-AzSKAADSecurityStatusUser      # check objects you own (user)
        ``` 
    *	Caveats: 
        * Do not run these in the same PS session as AzSK. Start a new PS console.
        * Az- modules require .Net Framework v4.7.2.
        * By default, the current cmdlets will scan just 3 objects of each type (Apps/SPNs/Groups, etc.). This is until we work out how best to group/batch scans when scanning the entire tenant. If you want to scan more objects you can use the '-MaxObj' switch in the cmdlets.


### Other improvements/bug fixes
* Subscription Security:
    * Azure Security Center (ASC) setup umbrella control (which checks for auto provisioning, security contacts and policies configuration in the subscription) is now refactored into three new controls to validate each of these checks separately.
    * Set-AzSKAzureSecurityCenterPolicies cmdlet has been enhanced to update auto provisioning and security policies status by default. Additionally, security contact email/phone will be updated only if provided additionally.
    * Azure_Subscription_Use_Only_Alt_Credentials control can now check assignments (both permanent & PIM) for non SC-ALT accounts with critical privileges at subscription as well as resource group scope. This control can now be scanned in CA mode as well.
    * Moreover, if you want to force scan the actual control in local mode, you can do so by specifying the control id explicitly as shown in the command below:
        ```Powershell
        gss -s $sub -cid ‘Azure_Subscription_Use_Only_Alt_Credentials’
        ```

* Privileged Identity Management (PIM):
    * Updated the setpim cmdlet to use v2 APIs to configure PIM role settings.
    * Fixed issue to remove permanent assignments for groups in the setpim cmdlet using the -RemovePermanentAssignments switch.
    * Added support for principal name-based filtering in the setpim cmdlet for -AssignEligibleforPermanentAssignments and –RemovePIMAssignment switches.
    * getpim cmdlet will now output list of roles in CSV format as well. 

    
* SVTs: 
    * N/A.

* Controls:
    *	Fixed antimalware control for VM which was previously reporting false positive results for Linux VMs.
    *	Fixed issues in the controls Azure_AppService_AuthZ_Configure_IP_Restrictions and Azure_ServiceFabric_DP_Dont_Expose_Reverse_Proxy_Port which were previously resulting into error.
    *	As a part of our efforts to resolve the CA runbook throttling issues for large subscriptions, the following APIM controls will be skipped in CA mode for an APIM resource having more than 30 associated APIs:
        *	Azure_APIManagement_DP_Restrict_CORS_Access
        *	Azure_APIManagement_AuthZ_Restrict_Caller_IPs
        *	Azure_APIManagement_AuthZ_Validate_JWT
        *	Azure_APIManagement_AuthZ_Enable_User_Authorization_For_API

 

* ARM Template Checker:
    * Fixed a bug where in a specific ARM template was failing the ARM Checker CICD task despite being compliant with all the applicable controls.


* CA:
    * N/A.

* In-cluster CA:
    * N/A. 

* Azure DevOps (ADO/VSTS):
    * N/A.

* Log Analytics:
    * N/A.

* Other
    * N/A.
