## 161111 
### New Features: 
* Subscription Security 
	* JEA server lockdown - PoC completed for locked down JEA jump-box. This is based on security baseline applied to WS-2016. A VHD is available if your team would like to try. 
* Dev/CICD Kit: 
	* SVTs- 
		* Added new module for testing Logic App Connectors. 
* Alerting & Monitoring: 
	* Completed a PoC for a sample "auto-remediation" scenario. An OMS-side alert notifies a configured email address and also (independently) triggers an automation via a web hook to "remediate" the situation. (We used "TDE got turned off " as the alert condition in our PoC).  
We would love inputs from you for which scenarios to prioritize for "auto-remediation". 
 
* Central View of Control Coverage (PoC) 
	* Controls checked by various modules of the DevOps Kit are displayed here. This is a "live" feed because these same rules are also used by the DevOps kit scripts at runtime. 
* Telemetry 
	* We have integrated telemetry support across all features in the DevOps kit. These will help us measure adoption, make quality improvements and also track the impact of the toolkit on risk reduction. 
 
### Feature improvements/fixes:
* Subscription Security 
	* SS-ASCConfig - Added a workarounds for a couple of PG limitations/issues ( [1] top level ASC policy changes are not percolating down to resource groups if prior policy exists at RG level and [2] even though contact details have been populated at the subscription policy level, ASC keeps warning about addressing the task). 
* Dev/CICD Kit 
	* SVT enhancements - Significant improvements to the structure of PowerShell module output and logs. Also additional test cases added for some services (SQL, App Services). 
	* Refactored all SS-*/TCP-* SVTs to support centralized rules and standardized console display and log outputs. 
 
