## 171031 
 
### Feature updates 
* Support for bulk-attestation. For scenarios where several resources that have a specific control that needs to be attested (e.g., several storage accounts have logging turned off), one can now run attestation in 'bulk' mode and target all resources. 
* Continuous Assurance (CA) Central Scan mode:  
	* Enhanced to support side-by-side scanning with individual-mode CA setups.  
	* Added support for flag to store logs in central subscription or individual subscriptions. 
	* Update-CA can handle updating target subscriptions list for central CA. 
* Continuous Assurance: 
	* Logs are now retained in the subscription for a maximum of 30 days (in the storage account within AzSDKRG). 
	* Get-AzSDKContinuousAssurance now supports quick v. exhaustive diagnostic checks. Module health and related time-consuming checks are done only if the '-ExhaustiveCheck' flag is specified. (This saves time for scenarios such as when a user just want to do some basic diagnosis or query for a specific CA config setting.) 
* Security IntelliSense: Support for security checks in XML (config) files is now included as part of the extension. 
* Org Config - Reduced the default configuration footprint required for standalone AzSDK setup for organizations. Also, default OMS settings can now be configured at organization scope. These changes make it easier for other orgs to quickly adopt and start using AzSDK. 
* (Preview) ARM-template security checker. Ability to scan ARM-templates for AzSDK controls. This helps by getting security coverage into pre-deployment stage. Please get in touch with us if you'd like to try this out. 
 
### Other improvements/bug fixes 
* Installer:  
	* The "iwr" installer now detects previous versions of AzSDK loaded in memory and warns the user to run in a new PS session. This was a common issue many people faced during upgrade. 
* SVTs:  
	* A new column in AzSDK scan CSV files now helps users by pointing to respective detailed LOG file that can be used for understanding control failures better. Also, for cases when a control scan is skipped due to insufficient permissions, the 'Recommendation' text provides a clear indication of this. 
	*Added support for comma-separated list of individual resource instances for the resource scan command. Similar to comma-separated resource groups, one can now pass a comma-separated list of individual resource names for scanning. 
* Controls:  
	* Enhanced Storage account controls to respect different storage types (standard/premium/blob). 
	* Enhanced Key Vault controls to better handle detection of use of old/expired keys. 
* Attestation workflow: 
	* Attestation states have been refactored to reflect DSRE (GRCC) risk governance terminology better.  
	* Also enabled expiry for  'NotAnIssue' state (set to 90 days as default) in keeping with typical entitlement review periods. 
	* During interactive attestation, we now display detailed control state for the resource being attested. 
* Security IntelliSense: Supports VS 2017 editor now.  
* CICD Extension: Enabled support for Hosted-2017 agent pool. 
* Continuous Assurance (CA): 
	* Improved recovery behavior of CA in case of modules-related failures (failed updates, missing modules). 
* Docs:  
	* Added content to the 'Telemetry' / 'Risk Governance' sections.  
	* Added summary of costs incurred for running AzSDK to CA docs (CA FAQ section). 	
	* Created a new document to speed up AzSDK learning curve for users new to PowerShell: (http://aka.ms/azsdkdocs/pstips)  