## 170928 
 
### Feature updates 
* Migrated AzSDK alerts to use the new Azure PG alert framework which offers more powerful alert targeting using 'Action Groups'. The older mechanism of activity alerts has been deprecated (by PG). (See next point about how we will migrate everyone to the new approach.) 
* Added a new cmdlet (Update-AzSDKSubscriptionSecurity) to serve as a single command to ensure all important artifacts such as Alerts, ASC, ARM Policy, RBAC and Continuous Assurance runbook can be updated in one go to match the latest. This will allow teams to keep their subscriptions in sync with the latest security features of Azure and also stay aligned with CSE-wide policy/config changes.  
* (Preview) Continuous Assurance now supports a 'central scan' mode. This will enable central teams to setup CA in a 'master subscription' and scan an entire group of target subscriptions. Please contact us if you'd like to try this out. 
* A "Rationale" field has been added to all the 260+ controls across AzSDK. This field covers the "why" aspect of the control and helps a user understand security risks better. 
* The "fix controls" feature has been extended to most of the controls for key services (AppService, Azure SQL DB, Storage, VMs, etc.). More services will be covered in future sprints. 
 
### Other improvements/bug fixes 
* You can now generate reports at a location of your choice (e.g., Desktop) using the Set-AzSDKUserPreference command.  
* Scan commands now output a brief summary table about controls evaluated.  
* The telemetry dashboard has been enhanced in prep for Wave-2. More views have been added for LT. 
* Docs: A major overhaul of Alerting & Monitoring page to cover setup and use of the latest OMS solution. 
* Docs: Added a summary table for all AzSDK cmdlets, coverage for "-FixControls" and "-UseBaselineControls" flags. 
* Controls: Modified VM controls to distinguish "ER-connected" VM v. not, changed Storage-GRS to 'Verify', added new controls for Data Factory DMG features, etc. 