## 170731 
 
### Feature updates 
* Installer - Resource providers needed are auto-registered. Improved handling of clashes due to multiple versions of AzureRm PS modules 
* Subscription Security - support for automated removal of 'deprecated' accounts  
* Added security verification tests (SVTs) for Azure Load Balancer service 
* Continuous Assurance:  
	* Get-CA cmdlet updated to perform a deep diagnosis of defunct CA setups 
	* Elaborate guidance for users at the end of Install-CA 
* Support for generating output reports in PDF format (for auditing scenarios) 
* PoC to support AzSDK SVTs in CICD for Jenkins 
 (Preview) Support for activity log alerts using action groups 
 
### Other improvements/bug fixes 
* Split VM controls to separate status of anti-malware, disk encryption, patched state, etc. 
* ASC tasks/recommendations - only 'active' ones to result in control failure ('dismissed' ones are now filtered out). We can now control which subset of ASC recommendations are to be treated as required org-wide. 
* ASC - consistent handling of email & phone. The values provided will always overwrite current settings. 
* Added cmdlet-acronym at end of output logs folder for easier identification of folders corresponding to past runs ("20170801_005414_UCA" <- Update-AzSDKContinuousAssurance, "20170731_231345_GSS" <- Get-AzSDKSubscriptionSecurity,  etc.) 
* Storage SVT - added new control check to enforce HTTPS endpoint on storage accounts 
* Added some custom RBAC roles and ER-mgmt certs to whitelist. Also, approved SPNs will not be flagged as objectionable. 
* Moved ACI, SDO Analytics and Cloud Cruiser related accounts to 'deprecated' list. 
 