## 170331 
 
### Feature updates  
* Introduced capability to target specific controls and service types in security scans 
	* Controls can be scanned by tags (e.g., controls tagged with "SOX") 
	* Controls can be scanned for specific service type (e.g., "all SQL DBs" in a subscription) 
* Unified master command to perform all requested scans (subscription, service types) and generate a single report. 
* Security IntelliSense augmented to support flagging security issues in XML files (e.g., web.config). 
* Redesigned output folder hierarchy with much shorter overall path length (moved to a folder under %LocalAppData%). 
* The output LOG/CSV folder is now auto-opened upon completion for user convenience. We also have a friendly README.txt in the opened folder to describe what to do next. 
 
### Other improvements/bug fixes 
* Began migration of the DevOps Kit PS modules to a 'class'-based design (introduced in PowerShell 5.x.). This new v2 architecture makes it significantly easier to add new service SVTs. 
* Refactored to support a pub-sub model  makes plugging in other components (such as event listeners) easy.  
* Running subscription security checks now require only 'Reader' permissions on the subscription. 
* Added support for scanning 'classic' resource types in subscription security check.  
* Fixed an issue in the installer pre-requisite check. Dev Ops Kit now works even if multiple Azure PowerShell versions are present (so long as the default version used is compatible). 
 