## IMPORTANT: DevOps Kit (AzSK) is being sunset by end of FY21. More details [here](../../../ReleaseNotes/AzSKSunsetNotice.md)
----------------------------------------------

<html>
<head>

</head><body>
<H2>CDN</H2><table><tr><th>Description & Rationale</th><th>ControlSeverity</th><th>Automated</th><th>Fix Script</th></tr><tr><td><b>All users/identities must be granted minimum required permissions using Role Based Access Control (RBAC)</b><br/>Granting minimum access by leveraging RBAC feature ensures that users are granted just enough permissions to perform their tasks. This minimizes exposure of the resources in case of user/service account compromise.</td><td>Medium</td><td>Yes</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>CDN profile endpoints must use token authentication</b><br/>Using token authentication prevents Azure CDN from serving assets to unauthorized clients. This keeps other sites from 'hotlinking' content and using your assets without permission</td><td>Medium</td><td>No</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Token encryption key must be protected in a key vault (when a website generates tokens via code).</b><br/>Keeping secrets such as DB connection strings, passwords, keys, etc. in clear text can lead to easy compromise at various avenues during an application's lifecycle. Storing them in a key vault ensures that they are protected at rest.</td><td>High</td><td>No</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>CDN endpoints must use HTTPS protocol while providing data to the client browser/machine or while fetching data from the origin server</b><br/>Use of HTTPS ensures server/service authentication and protects data in transit from network layer man-in-the-middle, eavesdropping, session-hijacking attacks.</td><td>High</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td><b>Do not put any sensitive data in a CDN. CDN is suitable only for resources where anonymous access is not a concern</b><br/>Azure CDN does not provide any access control feature to restrict/secure access to content. Thus no private data should be stored in CDN.</td><td>High</td><td>No</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Configure real time alerts on status code 403 to be observant of any unauthorized request for CDN endpoint</b><br/>Setting up real-time alerts provides real-time notifications about the performance of the endpoints and any unauthorized request in your CDN profile.</td><td>Medium</td><td>No</td><td>No</td></tr></table>
<table>
</table>
</body></html>
