<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

</head><body>
<H2>ContainerRegistry</H2><table><tr><th>Description & Rationale</th><th>ControlSeverity</th><th>Automated</th></tr><tr><td><b>Admin user in Container Registry must be disabled</b><br/>The admin user is designed for a single user to access the registry. All users authenticating with the admin account appear as a single user to the registry. Admin users are having high privileged role increases the attack surface for the server without being tracked. Using AAD based identity ensures that there is a built-in high level of assurance in the user identity established for subsequent access control.</td><td>High</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td><b>Service principal identity should be used to access container images in Container Registry</b><br/>Using a 'user' account should be avoided because, in general, a user account will likely have broader set of privileges to enterprise assets. Using a dedicated SPN ensures that the SPN does not have permissions beyond the ones specifically granted for the given scenario.</td><td>Medium</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td><b>Credentials of service principal used for Container Registry must be stored in Key Vault</b><br/>Keeping/sharing password in clear text can lead to easy compromise at various avenues during an application's life cycle. Storing them in a key vault ensures that they are protected at rest.</td><td>High</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>All users/identities must be granted minimum required permissions using Role Based Access Control (RBAC)</b><br/>Granting minimum access by leveraging RBAC feature ensures that users are granted just enough permissions to perform their tasks. This minimizes exposure of the resources in case of user/service account compromise.</td><td>Medium</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td><b>Image vulnerability scan should be configured through webhook when images are pushed to Container Registry</b><br/>Container image(s) having vulnerability (e.g. missing OS patches in base image, open ports in image) can lead to loss of sensitive enterprise data.</td><td>Medium</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td><b>Container Registry must have latest/patched image(s) all the time</b><br/>Un-patched images are easy targets for compromise from various malware/trojan attacks that exploit known vulnerabilities in operating systems and related software.</td><td>Medium</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Content trust in Container Registry must be enabled</b><br/>Content trust gives the ability to verify both the integrity and the publisher of all the data received from a Registry over any channel. If a container image is served from an untrusted registry, the image itself may not be trustworthy/stable. Running such a compromised image can lead to loss of sensitive enterprise data.</td><td>Medium</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td><b>Activity logs for Data Container Registry should be reviewed periodically</b><br/>Periodic reviews of activity and audit logs ensures that anomalous activity can be identified early enough instead of after a major compromise.</td><td>Medium</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Only signed images must be pushed in Container Registry</b><br/>Content trust gives the ability to verify both the integrity and the publisher of all the data received from a Registry over any channel. If a container image is served from an untrusted registry, the image itself may not be trustworthy/stable. Running such a compromised image can lead to loss of sensitive enterprise data.</td><td>Medium</td><td>No</td></tr></table>
<table>
</table>
</body></html>
