## IMPORTANT: DevOps Kit (AzSK) is being sunset by end of FY21. More details [here](../../../ReleaseNotes/AzSKSunsetNotice.md)
----------------------------------------------

<html>
<head>

</head><body>
<H2>KeyVault</H2><table><tr><th>Description & Rationale</th><th>ControlSeverity</th><th>Automated</th><th>Fix Script</th></tr><tr><td><b>Azure Active Directory applications, which have access to Key Vault, must use certificate to authenticate to Key Vault</b><br/>Password/shared secret credentials can be easily shared and hence can be easily compromised. Certificate credentials offer better security.</td><td>High</td><td>Yes</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Applications must not share a Key Vault unless they trust each other and they need access to the same secrets at runtime</b><br/>Key Vault contains critical information like credentials/secrets etc. All applications can access all secrets from a given Key Vault. This can violate trust boundaries between applications.</td><td>High</td><td>Yes</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>All users/identities must be granted minimum required permissions using Role Based Access Control (RBAC)</b><br/>Granting minimum access by leveraging RBAC feature ensures that users are granted just enough permissions to perform their tasks. This minimizes exposure of the resources in case of user/service account compromise.</td><td>High</td><td>Yes</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>All Key Vault access policies must be defined with minimum required permissions to keys and secrets</b><br/>Granting minimum access by defining Key Vault access policies ensures that applications/users are granted just enough permissions to perform their tasks. This minimizes exposure of the resources in case of user/service account compromise.</td><td>High</td><td>Yes</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Advanced access policies must be configured on a need basis</b><br/>Advanced access policy allows Azure services (Azure Resource Manager, Virtaul Machine, Disk Encryption etc.) to seamlessly access Key Vault. To avoid unintentional access to Key Vault from Azure services, advanced access policies must be configured only as required.</td><td>Medium</td><td>Yes</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>All Keys in Key Vault must be protected by HSM [Key Type = HSM Protected Key]</b><br/>A hardware security module (HSM) is a physical device that provides extra security for sensitive data like Keys. HSMs make sure that the keys never leave the HSM boundary throughout their lifecycle. Using HSMs for key protection is required for keys that encrypt highly sensitive data (often in regulated environments).</td><td>Medium</td><td>Yes</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>All Keys and Secrets in Key Vault must have expiration dates</b><br/>Expiration dates on keys ensure that keys are rotated on a periodic basis. Key rotation is an important security hygiene activity.</td><td>Medium</td><td>Yes</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Diagnostics logs must be enabled with a retention period of at least 365 days.</b><br/>Logs should be retained for a long enough period so that activity trail can be recreated when investigations are required in the event of an incident or a compromise. A period of 1 year is typical for several compliance requirements as well.</td><td>Medium</td><td>Yes</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Restrict the cryptographic operations permitted using keys to the ones actually required</b><br/>Restricting the operations to be performed on Keys ensures that applications/users can perform only intended operations. This minimizes exposure of the Keys in case of user/service account compromise.</td><td>High</td><td>Yes</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Key Vault owner must grant minimum required access to keys/secrets based on individual roles (Developer/Operator/Auditor/Security Team)</b><br/>Identifying and assigning various roles ensures proper separation of duties.</td><td>High</td><td>No</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Keys/secrets must be rotated periodically</b><br/>Periodic key/password rotation is a good security hygiene practice as, over time, it minimizes the likelihood of data loss/compromise which can arise from key theft/brute forcing/recovery attacks.</td><td>Medium</td><td>No</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Diagnostic logs for Key Vault must be reviewed periodically</b><br/>Periodic reviews of diagnostics, activity and audit logs ensures that anomalous activity can be identified early enough instead of after a major compromise.</td><td>Medium</td><td>No</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Soft delete must be enabled to allow recovery of deleted Key Vault and any objects (keys, secrets, etc.) contained in it.</b><br/>Enabling soft delete feature on Key Vault acts as a safety measure to recover inadvertently or maliciously deleted Key Vault and any objects (keys, secrets, etc.) contained in it.</td><td>Medium</td><td>Yes</td><td>No</td></tr></table>
<table>
</table>
</body></html>
