## IMPORTANT: DevOps Kit (AzSK) is being sunset by end of FY21. More details [here](../../../ReleaseNotes/AzSKSunsetNotice.md)
----------------------------------------------

<html>
<head>

</head><body>
<H2>LogicApps</H2><table><tr><th>Description & Rationale</th><th>ControlSeverity</th><th>Automated</th><th>Fix Script</th></tr><tr><td><b>Multiple Logic Apps should not be deployed in the same resource group unless they trust each other</b><br/>API Connections contain critical information like credentials/secrets, etc., provided as part of configuration. Logic App can use all API Connections present in the same Resource Group. Thus, Resource Group should be considered as security boundary when threat modeling.</td><td>High</td><td>Yes</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Logic App connectors must have minimum required permissions on data source</b><br/>This ensures that connectors can be used only towards intended actions in the Logic App</td><td>Medium</td><td>No</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>All users/identities must be granted minimum required permissions using Role Based Access Control (RBAC)</b><br/>Granting minimum access by leveraging RBAC feature ensures that users are granted just enough permissions to perform their tasks. This minimizes exposure of the resources in case of user/service account compromise.</td><td>Medium</td><td>Yes</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>If Logic App fires on an HTTP Request (e.g. Request or Webhook) then provide IP ranges for triggers to prevent unauthorized access</b><br/>Specifying the IP range ensures that the triggers can be invoked only from a restricted set of endpoints.</td><td>High</td><td>Yes</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Must provide IP ranges for contents to prevent unauthorized access to inputs/outputs data of Logic App run history</b><br/>Using the firewall feature ensures that access to the data or the service is restricted to a specific set/group of clients. While this may not be feasible in all scenarios, when it can be used, it provides an extra layer of access control protection for critical assets.</td><td>High</td><td>Yes</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Application secrets and credentials must not be in plain text in source code (code view) of a Logic App</b><br/>Keeping secrets such as DB connection strings, passwords, keys, etc. in clear text can lead to easy compromise at various avenues during an application's lifecycle. Storing them in a key vault ensures that they are protected at rest.</td><td>High</td><td>Yes</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Logic App access keys must be rotated periodically</b><br/>Periodic key/password rotation is a good security hygiene practice as, over time, it minimizes the likelihood of data loss/compromise which can arise from key theft/brute forcing/recovery attacks.</td><td>Medium</td><td>No</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Diagnostics logs must be enabled with a retention period of at least 365 days.</b><br/>Logs should be retained for a long enough period so that activity trail can be recreated when investigations are required in the event of an incident or a compromise. A period of 1 year is typical for several compliance requirements as well.</td><td>Medium</td><td>Yes</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Logic App Code View code should be backed up periodically</b><br/>Logic App code view contains application's workflow logic and API connections detail which could be lost if there is no backup. No backup/disaster recovery feature is available out of the box in Logic Apps.</td><td>Medium</td><td>No</td><td>No</td></tr></table>
<table>
</table>
</body></html>
