## IMPORTANT: DevOps Kit (AzSK) is being sunset by end of FY21. More details [here](../../../ReleaseNotes/AzSKSunsetNotice.md)
----------------------------------------------

<html>
<head>

</head><body>
<H2>ODG</H2><table><tr><th>Description & Rationale</th><th>ControlSeverity</th><th>Automated</th><th>Fix Script</th></tr><tr><td><b>ODG must be installed on a hardened locked down VM</b><br/>The ODG machine is serving as a 'gateway' into the corporate environment allowing endpoint in the cloud access to enterprise data. Using a locked-down, secure baseline configuration ensures that this machine does not get leveraged as an entry point to the downstream data server/service.</td><td>High</td><td>No</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Additional logging in diagnostics should be disabled</b><br/>Additional logs feature of ODG tool contains all the records/data that pass through the ODG. Those logs may contain customer's PII and other sensitive data.</td><td>Low</td><td>No</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Privacy level setting must be configured to private while using ODG in PowerBI.</b><br/>Granting minimum permission ensures that users are granted just enough permissions to perform their tasks. This minimizes exposure of the resources in case of user/service account compromise.</td><td>High</td><td>No</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Must use the least required permission based on scenario while sharing gateways through PowerApps/Flow</b><br/>Granting minimum permission ensures that users are granted just enough permissions to perform their tasks. This minimizes exposure of the resources in case of user/service account compromise.</td><td>High</td><td>No</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Failover plan should be designed as per business requirements.</b><br/>ODG service does not offer features to cover backup/disaster recovery out-of-the-box. As a result, when processing critical workloads, a team must have adequate backups of the data.</td><td>Medium</td><td>No</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>User accounts/roles connecting to data source must have minimum required permissions</b><br/>Granting minimum access ensures that users are granted just enough permissions to perform their tasks. This minimizes exposure of the resources in case of user/service account compromise.</td><td>Medium</td><td>No</td><td>No</td></tr></table>
<table>
</table>
</body></html>
