## IMPORTANT: DevOps Kit (AzSK) is being sunset by end of FY21. More details [here](../../../ReleaseNotes/AzSKSunsetNotice.md)
----------------------------------------------

<html>
<head>

</head><body>
<H2>RedisCache</H2><table><tr><th>Description & Rationale</th><th>ControlSeverity</th><th>Automated</th><th>Fix Script</th></tr><tr><td><b>All users/identities must be granted minimum required permissions using Role Based Access Control (RBAC)</b><br/>Granting minimum access by leveraging RBAC feature ensures that users are granted just enough permissions to perform their tasks. This minimizes exposure of the resources in case of user/service account compromise.</td><td>Medium</td><td>Yes</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Diagnostics logs must be enabled with a retention period of at least 365 days.</b><br/>Logs should be retained for a long enough period so that activity trail can be recreated when investigations are required in the event of an incident or a compromise. A period of 1 year is typical for several compliance requirements as well.</td><td>Medium</td><td>No</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Configure Redis Cache firewall settings for additional protection</b><br/>Using the firewall feature ensures that access to the data or the service is restricted to a specific set/group of clients. While this may not be feasible in all scenarios, when it can be used, it provides an extra layer of access control protection for critical assets.</td><td>Medium</td><td>Yes</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Redis Data Persistence should be enabled to back up Redis Cache data</b><br/>Enabling backup on Redis Cache ensures that there is always a previous snapshot of data that can be leveraged towards recovery scenarios.</td><td>Medium</td><td>Yes</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Non-SSL port must not be enabled</b><br/>Use of HTTPS ensures server/service authentication and protects data in transit from network layer man-in-the-middle, eavesdropping, session-hijacking attacks.</td><td>High</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><td><b>Access keys must be rotated periodically</b><br/>Periodic key/password rotation is a good security hygiene practice as, over time, it minimizes the likelihood of data loss/compromise which can arise from key theft/brute forcing/recovery attacks.</td><td>Medium</td><td>No</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Do not share cache instances across applications</b><br/>There is no access control within a cache. If multiple applications share the same cache they will be able to freely access each others cached data which may lead to compromise.</td><td>High</td><td>No</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td><b>Redis Cache instance should be confined within a virtual network for domain-joined scenarios</b><br/>Azure Virtual Network (VNet) deployment provides enhanced security and isolation for Azure Redis Cache, as well as subnets, access control policies, and other features to further restrict access.</td><td>Medium</td><td>No</td><td>No</td></tr></table>
<table>
</table>
</body></html>
